docs(skills): document e2e mock node_modules convention (#7963)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: .agents/skills/write-e2e-cases/SKILL.md

- Prefer putting static Rsbuild configurations in `rsbuild.config.ts` to enable easier debugging via `npx rsbuild`.
- Use inline config for dynamic values or minor per-test variations.
- Split into multiple case directories when cases need different `src` code or different Rsbuild configs.

> - Put one-off package mocks in the case's `_node_modules` directory and call `copyNodeModules()` before resolution. Avoid e2e-level dependency, catalog, or lockfile changes; use dynamic imports after copying when the test imports the mock.

Author: ```suggestion
- For package mocks used by one case, place them under that case's `_node_modules` directory and call `copyNodeModules()` before they are resolved.
```
